there is a strong line that you need to draw between, um, your friends
and your co workers and especially your co workers and your subordinates.
Um, it can't be crossed over. They generally say that once you
become a chief, all of the friends that you had, you know, if they
were in your corner and if they were going to bat for you, then they'll
understand the distinction that has to be drawn once you become
a chief and they're not gonna treat you the same way that they did
before. So you used to go toe clubbing or bars or joking around about
the latest people on board this ship. All of that stops completely.
So in that case, once you turn that switch off, how do you turn it
back on? All the people have toe develop a new type of respect for
you. Uh, it generally comes from the fact that you're very knowledgeable
about your your subject. That's why you're promoted in the first
place. And the second part has to do with the fact that you're caring
for them. You know you're caring for them as a team member and that
you're looking out for their safety. With those two pieces in mind,
um, the balance will actually, um, come as a side point. Um, whenever
they become the the same leadership position is useful. For instance,
off. You know, third class petty officers become first class
petty officers, first class, first class. Petty Officer has become
chiefs and chiefs. Maybe they become officers. Once those huge balance
or jumped, then you're able toe like I have the same communion, but,
um, you definitely need to make that distinction.